NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- A high court in northern India on Friday acquitted a wealthy businessman facing the death sentence for the killing of a teen in a case dubbed "the house of horrors."	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Moninder Singh Pandher was sentenced to death by a lower court in February.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
The teen was one of 19 victims -- children and young women -- in one of the most gruesome serial killings in India in recent years.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
The Allahabad high court has acquitted Moninder Singh Pandher, his lawyer Sikandar B. Kochar told CNN.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Pandher and his domestic employee Surinder Koli were sentenced to death in February by a lower court for the rape and murder of the 14-year-old.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
The high court upheld Koli's death sentence, Kochar said.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
The two were arrested two years ago after body parts packed in plastic bags were found near their home in Noida, a New Delhi suburb.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Their home was later dubbed a "house of horrors" by the Indian media.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Pandher was not named a main suspect by investigators initially, but was summoned as co-accused during the trial, Kochar said.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Kochar said his client was in Australia when the teen was raped and killed.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
Pandher faces trial in the remaining 18 killings and could remain in custody, the attorney said.	What was the amount of children murdered?	F
(CNN) -- Fighting in the volatile Sudanese region of Darfur has sparked another wave of refugees into Chad and left a Red Cross employee dead, according to international agencies.	Where was one employee killed?	T
Refugee camps in eastern Chad house about 300,000 people who fled violence in the Darfur region of Sudan.	Where was one employee killed?	F
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said on Monday that more than 12,000 people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from Sudan's Darfur region to neighboring Chad, still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government.	Where was one employee killed?	F
"Most of the new arrivals in Chad had already been displaced in Darfur in recent years.	Where was one employee killed?	F
They are really tired of being attacked and having to move," said UNHCR's Jorge Holly.	Where was one employee killed?	F
"All the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to Darfur at this point, they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern Chad."	Where was one employee killed?	F
This latest influx of refugees in Chad aggravates an already deteriorating security situation across this politically unstable region of Africa.	Where was one employee killed?	F
Before the latest flight into Chad, the UNHCR and its partner groups "were taking care of 240,000 Sudanese refugees in 12 camps in eastern Chad and some 50,000 from Central African Republic in the south of the country."	Where was one employee killed?	F
